Chapter 11 - Draft Incomplete
For the next two weeks, we lived in the tavern waiting from Greggory to return. In that time Jen, Sam and John found us and somehow knew our exact location down to the room number.

After what seemed like forever Greggory finally came back into the Tavern. As soon as he came in he greeted me and Sam as if we were family which in some respects was true. Yet again Alison asked clearly from reading my thoughts again. "Rune? Why does Greggory treat you and Sam like brothers?" Which then required me to tell the entire group our past with Gregory."He looked after me in the time that I snuck out of the Shadow to go round the taverns in the city with Sam and Jack." Sam's face grew pale at the mention of jack and the girls noticed. "Sam I'm sorry," I said before pulling him into a hug.

"If you don't mind me asking who's Jack?" Both Jen and Alison asked but without shouting at each other this time. They had made a habit of that it seemed. I was about to answer but before I could Sam had gotten to it. "Jack was my brother. Rune Jack and I would go out partying for days after the massive jobs we pulled. You know that bank heist in Orzammar?" Sam asked Jen and Alison. "What you mean the one where thieves stole over 800 golden ingots. THAT WAS YOU!?" she looked shocked beyond comprehension. While Alison stood there unknowingly. "You guys are my hero's. I only ever dreamed about one day pulling off something like that." she paused as if she realised something "Wait didn't the shadow say that they had nothing to do with it?", "About that, we did that, while we where suspended from the academy. So if you could not tell them that would be great." I suddenly interrupted into the conversation

"Anyway, that was Jack  he was the mastermind." which gave the response of "What happened to him?" Sam was reluctant to answer so I decided that I would tell them. "It was on a job,  Jack thought we could pull off an even bigger heist. He had gotten it into his head that we could steal from the King of thieves himself." a shocked facial expression took over Jen's face, "We had to use all of our skills, Sam using his blowdarts, extremely skillfully to take out the guards, I picked the locks to get us inside the building and through the vault door. It was Jack's job to plan everything and make sure we could get in and out in time, get everything in order. Unfortunately, he missed a detail. The king had a personal Mage in his services guarding the vault on the inside Sam and I barely made it out alive, Jack. Took some sort of thing to the chest and it killed him instantly."

Finally, Gregory spoke "Aye that he was, best of us all... Eh, now I supposed we'd get to the point." Sam eyed him for a second the sighed, "Right then what did you find?" as he placed a smile onto his face. "Ah well, I found that the guards are pissed with ye Rune and that there's quite a large bounty on your head, one-thousand gold pieces." We just stood there not believing the massive amount someone had put on my head. "Well, that sucks," I said to the group "Aye that it does. Though I'm afraid I've even worse news for ye. The Dy-eng have taken notice and now they know you're a warlock or whatever ye are, they're searching every nook and cranny for ye." I heard Alison Curse inside my mind over and over. "We have to get him out of here," Jen and sam said after giving a glance to each other. "Not!" I protested "I'm here so you'll have to  deal with it." "I do have some good news though... You won't like it I've found out where the journal you mentioned is." "Finally some good news!" I finally began to get my hopes up. "It was in the hands of a nobleman by the name of Wicker. However, he vanished, a few weeks ago. No trace, except the words of the damn beggers. they say that he opened a portal in town, which is why the Dy-eng showed up in the first place."

"John, can you track the portal to a specific world?" I asked barely understanding what I had asked for. If you had told me three months ago that I was on a quest to save an infinite amount of worlds. I would have told you that your drink was spiked with fairy dust. "Yes I can, however, it may prove challenging. This man could have gone anywhere, The man may even be a traveller." we looked at each other then back at John "someone or thing that is able to create portals at will using very little amounts of power to do so these portals are able to go anywhere conceivable by the imagination".

"Right so all we have to do is steal a journal from a man who can jump into any conceivable world. And all before the Dy-eng can catch up to me." I said almost laughing at the new challenge for me. "Ah, I've another thing to say. The nobleman has a house by the river. I would imagine that to be the place in which he would make one of them portal things you keep mentioning." Jen started pacing around the room at that which caught the attention of the group.

"Jen? What is it ?" Sam and I  chorused

